the biggest task of creating Smurfs
movie was to bring the cartoon made up
of lines and solid color into the real
world by making a living breathing
talking Smurf des from here we see our
Smurfs looking for a hidden potion in a
book of pails cartoons look here at the
patterns on this page next we'll see
some examples of payos drawing up close
notice the consistent look of a white
hat big feet and blue skin Sony Pictures
animation began the transformation
process from a 2d character to a 3d
character by drawing various poses to
determine what would be needed to make a
3d Smurfs there were a lot of ideas
drawn notes made and many rejected all
kinds of tests were done to see what
worked and what didn't we especially
wanted our Smurfs to fulfill the image
of what we expect a smart to look like
once all the proportions were worked out
on a generic smurf each character was
designed and then Illustrated to
determine the final look from those
illustrations a dimensional model was
made and led to match the illustration
this was our cross-check to make sure
every detail is carried to the computer
version to make the Smurfs perform the
animators need a way to make all the
joints and facial features move like a
real beam here you see the bones or rig
the animators use to make the character
come to life
the facial controls are tested to see
the range of emotion possible in each
character if a special facial close is
required additional controls may be
added to achieve what the animator is
looking for next the rig is put through
its paces to determine how the Smurfs
might navigate the real world here are
some examples of what the Smurfs might
have to do
each character has its own special
features that need to be worked out here
you see smart fats animation drive a
simulation of the cloth dynamics to
create a realistic motion to the
material smart bets hair is done the
same way next every detail of how the
skin behaves in light is looked at the
skin has pores wrinkles freckles peach
fuzz and a blood layer seen in
translucent skin areas just like we see
in ourselves the sheen and color
characteristics as well are set up ahead
of time so that each shot starts with
the same settings through lighting and
compositing the characteristics are
adjusted in each shot to achieve the
final look
Smurfette's hair was most challenging
because of the large silhouette an
implied amount of hair spray necessary
to hold real hair in that shape
ultimately we loosen the stiffness to
get a more relaxed and natural movement
each character goes through some
lighting checks to see that everything
is working properly
it took the image work screw a few shots
with each character to get the basic
look right
finally here are some of our Finnish
shops
oh my Smurfs
you